[15.0] [MIG] partner_time_to_pay + improvements (#249)
OCA/account-invoice-reporting: partner_time_to_pay/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module displays statistics related to the receivables and payables behavior of a partner on the Accounting tab of the partner form view.
> Also displays the full reconcile payment date on invoices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module displays statistics related to the receivables and payables behavior of a partner on the *Sales & Purchase* tab of the partner form view.
Also displays the full reconcile payment date on invoices.
```
